add:  additional integration docs (#77)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/developers/integration.md

People tend to run into a few common issues when first interacting with Optimistic Ethereum.
Here's a checklist to run through if you're having any problems.

### Retrieve contract revert reason

In your Ethereum contract tests, a common test that developers write is for revert reasons.
For example, let's say you have a yield farming contract that has a `require` statement on its `withdraw` method to check whether the caller already has a deposit (that has also been accruing interest!).
If the caller does _not_ have a pre-existing deposit, then your `withdraw` method reverts with a message saying, `"There is nothing for you to withdraw!"`.
This message is what we would like to test for.
However, in Optimistic Ethereum, this is not as straightforward as using something like `hardhat`'s `.to.be.reverted` or `.to.be.revertedWith` testing methods:

```js
// THIS WILL NOT WORK FOR OVM TESTS

> await expect(withdrawTx).to.be.revertedWith(

Reviewer: Ugh, the fix for this is really ugly. We're planning to have a fix out for it pretty soon. I'd prefer not to enshrine this in the docs if possible. Could we just link out to the Synthetix utility for now (instead of copy/pasting the source) and make a note that we're planning to have this fixed ASAP?

Author: I'll do that

			throw new Error(
				`Transaction was expected to revert with "${reason}", but it reverted with "${revertReason}" instead.`
			)
		}
	}
}
module.exports = {
	getOptimismRevertReason,
	assertRevertOptimism,
}
```

The main component to focus on is the `assertRevertOptimism` method.
It will allow us to make an assertion against:

1. A specified `revertReason`, and
2. The revert reason retrieved from the transaction of our contract call in our test

Here's an example of how this function would be used in your JavaScript test file:
```js
/* --- snip --- */
// We import this method from Synthetix's utility script.
const { assertRevertOptimism } = require('./utils')
/* --- snip --- */
// Test whether the call on Optimism reverts with the following reason.
await assertRevertOptimism({
  tx,
  reason: '<REVERT_REASON>',
  provider: l2provider
})
```

### `block.timestamp` and `block.number` in L2

::: warning These values will soon be updated
We are working on updating `block.timestamp` and `block.number` so that instead of a delay in the values that are returned, they will return the _current_ `block.number` and current `block.timestamp`.
:::

**Queries to `block.number`:**

> * Are _slightly_ different than `block.number` in Ethereum.

Reviewer: Hmmm the list syntax used here is a bit confusing.

Reviewer: I would probably just get rid of the list syntax and keep the longer-form description that you have in the second bullet point. Same thing for block.timestamp, just use a long-form description.

People tend to run into a few common issues when first interacting with Optimistic Ethereum.
Here's a checklist to run through if you're having any problems.

### Retrieve contract revert reason

In your Ethereum contract tests, a common test that developers write is for revert reasons.
For example, let's say you have a yield farming contract that has a `require` statement on its `withdraw` method to check whether the caller already has a deposit (that has also been accruing interest!).
If the caller does _not_ have a pre-existing deposit, then your `withdraw` method reverts with a message saying, `"There is nothing for you to withdraw!"`.
This message is what we would like to test for.

> However, in Optimistic Ethereum, this is not as straightforward as using something like `hardhat`'s `.to.be.reverted` or `.to.be.revertedWith` testing methods:

Reviewer: I think it's worth noting that this is a bug and not something fundamental to our system.

```js
// THIS WILL NOT WORK FOR OVM TESTS
await expect(withdrawTx).to.be.revertedWith(
  "There is nothing for you to withdraw!"
)
```

Simply using this syntax will not work to retrieve your revert reason for your contract.

Instead, when writing tests for Optimistic Ethereum, you will need a clever way to retrieve these revert reasons.
Fortunately, to retrieve revert reasons for contract calls in the Optimistic Ethereum Virtual Machine (OVM), our friends at [Synthetix](https://www.synthetix.io/) created a utility script called [`revertOptimism.js`](https://github.com/Synthetixio/synthetix/blob/develop/test/optimism/utils/revertOptimism.js).

> We suggest looking through this script to learn how this method works, however, **we are working on a proper fix to this codebase.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We suggest borrowing code from this script, and are working on our own libraries to make this easier.
```

> The main component to focus on is the `assertRevertOptimism` method in Synthetix's script that helps to retrieve the revert reason from the transaction of our contract call in our test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main component to focus on in Synthetix's script is the [`assertRevertOptimism` method](https://github.com/Synthetixio/synthetix/blob/develop/test/optimism/utils/revertOptimism.js#L37) that helps to retrieve the revert reason from the transaction of our contract call in our test.
```

Reviewer 2: It's a nit, but this edit makes the syntax tree slightly less 'right-branching'. ([See Linguistic Syntax Trees here](
https://medium.com/newsonthebloc/lets-get-serious-about-readability-4e4ce6a9b6c2))

Here's a checklist to run through if you're having any problems.

### Retrieve contract revert reason

In your Ethereum contract tests, a common test that developers write is for revert reasons.
For example, let's say you have a yield farming contract that has a `require` statement on its `withdraw` method to check whether the caller already has a deposit (that has also been accruing interest!).
If the caller does _not_ have a pre-existing deposit, then your `withdraw` method reverts with a message saying, `"There is nothing for you to withdraw!"`.
This message is what we would like to test for.
However, in Optimistic Ethereum, this is not as straightforward as using something like `hardhat`'s `.to.be.reverted` or `.to.be.revertedWith` testing methods:

```js
// THIS WILL NOT WORK FOR OVM TESTS
await expect(withdrawTx).to.be.revertedWith(
  "There is nothing for you to withdraw!"
)
```

::: warning THIS IS A BUG
Although this is a bug in how we can write our tests, this is **not** an issue with the Optimistic Ethereum system as a whole.
This bug will be resolved soon, but in the meantime, we suggest using this workaround that Synthetix has implemented.

> :::

Author: @smartcontracts let me know what you think of this warning that I added

Reviewer 3: It might be simpler to refer to the Github issue.

People tend to run into a few common issues when first interacting with Optimistic Ethereum.
Here's a checklist to run through if you're having any problems.

### Retrieve contract revert reason

In your Ethereum contract tests, a common test that developers write is for revert reasons.
For example, let's say you have a yield farming contract that has a `require` statement on its `withdraw` method to check whether the caller already has a deposit (that has also been accruing interest!).
If the caller does _not_ have a pre-existing deposit, then your `withdraw` method reverts with a message saying, `"There is nothing for you to withdraw!"`.
This message is what we would like to test for.
However, in Optimistic Ethereum, this is not as straightforward as using something like `hardhat`'s `.to.be.reverted` or `.to.be.revertedWith` testing methods:

```js
// THIS WILL NOT WORK FOR OVM TESTS
await expect(withdrawTx).to.be.revertedWith(
  "There is nothing for you to withdraw!"
)
```

::: tip This is NOT a bug with the Optimistic Ethereum system
For more details, see this issue on GitHub:

> [ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues#474](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues/474)

Reviewer 4: Note that this ticket will [appear to have closed](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues/474#issuecomment-828754438), although it will not be accessible to devs until 0.3.0 release.  @snario thoughts on how to communicate this?

Reviewer 3: Let's mention it in the issue for now.

```

::: tip This is NOT a bug with the Optimistic Ethereum system

> The fix for this issue will be pushed to production on 05/03/21.

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't put this in the docs.

Here's a checklist to run through if you're having any problems.

### Retrieve contract revert reason

In your Ethereum contract tests, a common test that developers write is for revert reasons.
For example, let's say you have a yield farming contract that has a `require` statement on its `withdraw` method to check whether the caller already has a deposit (that has also been accruing interest!).
If the caller does _not_ have a pre-existing deposit, then your `withdraw` method reverts with a message saying, `"There is nothing for you to withdraw!"`.
This message is what we would like to test for.
However, in Optimistic Ethereum, this is not as straightforward as using something like `hardhat`'s `.to.be.reverted` or `.to.be.revertedWith` testing methods:

```js
// THIS WILL NOT WORK FOR OVM TESTS
await expect(withdrawTx).to.be.revertedWith(
  "There is nothing for you to withdraw!"
)
```

::: tip This is NOT a bug with the Optimistic Ethereum system
For more details, see this issue on GitHub:
[ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues#474](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues/474)
:::

> Simply using this syntax will not work to retrieve your revert reason for your contract.

Reviewer: No longer accurate. As of v0.3.0, the standard revert syntax will work and we can get rid of this section. Woot.

Instead, when writing tests for Optimistic Ethereum, you will need a clever way to retrieve these revert reasons.
Fortunately, to retrieve revert reasons for contract calls in the Optimistic Ethereum Virtual Machine (OVM), our friends at [Synthetix](https://www.synthetix.io/) created a utility script called [`revertOptimism.js`](https://github.com/Synthetixio/synthetix/blob/develop/test/optimism/utils/revertOptimism.js).
We suggest borrowing code from this script. Note that we are working on our own libraries to make this easier.

The main component to focus on in Synthetix's script is the [`assertRevertOptimism` method](https://github.com/Synthetixio/synthetix/blob/develop/test/optimism/utils/revertOptimism.js#L37) that helps to retrieve the revert reason from the transaction of our contract call in our test.

### `block.timestamp` and `block.number` in L2

::: warning These values will soon be updated

> We are working on updating `block.timestamp` and `block.number` so that instead of a delay in the values that are returned, they will return the _current_ `block.number` and current `block.timestamp`.

Reviewer: This block of text is confusing. What does "current" mean?

:::

Queries to `block.number` are _slightly_ different than `block.number` in Ethereum.

> These queries return the `block.number` of the previous block.

Reviewer: What previous block? L1 block or L2 block?

> Note that there is no such thing as a "block" in Optimistic Ethereum as blocks in Ethereum.

Reviewer: This sentence conflicts with the next sentence.
